Role:
Enterprise Engineer

Why i'm a good candidate
1. Experience in implementing Enterprise solutions. I have worked as a sales engineer for a company called SAP
which foucuses on delivering large scale solutions for enterprises around the world.
I believe I have a good understanding of how enterprise engineering works as I have implemneted multiple of those
through proof of concepts for customers in multiple domain areas for multiple enterprises including 
Samsung Electronics, Ministry of Environment and the National Tax Service of South korea

2. Communication:




Q1. Why morgan stanley tech and what value can you bring

Morgan Stanley tech:

1. I understand that morgan Stanley highly values technology and tries to implement big data, AI, machine learning and blockchain into their solutions.
One of the examples that clearly shows this is the partnership Morgan Stanley has made with Indian startups last year. 
This to me shows how morgan stanley is openeed to implement the latest technology to provide the best customer experience for their customers


2. Scale. There's a saying that data is the new oil. MS is serving more than 3.5 million household cusotmers. 
This means millions of daily transactions real-time and with full security.
The scale of the data and the infrasturcutr e that morgan stanley has is unimaginable.
I believe with the scale and size of morgan stanley there is so many things that can be developed.

What perspective I can bring:

1. Experience working as a sales engineer for multiple domains.
도메인별로 자기들만의 분석 영역이 있고 노하우가 있다.
난 이걸 경험해서 내 경험을 토대로 모건 스탠리에 적용해볼 수 있을 것이라 믿는다.



1. experience as a consultant for multiple industries on topics of predictive analytics. I have engaged in multiple proof of concepts with major companies 
such as Samsung Electronics and the National Tax Service of South Korea. I believe with the experience I gained providing
solutions for multiple domain areas. I believe I can bring values by leveraging what I have learned how other companeis in other industries implement
technologies.

2. 

1. I understand that morgan Stanley highly values technology and adopts the latest technologies to provide the most innovation experience for customers.
I understand that Morgan Stanley is engaging alot in Big Data, AI, machine learning and blockchain technology in their solutions.
I even heard that Morgan Stanley engaged in partnership with multiple indian startups last year.

2. 



What difficulty:
1. While I was working as a sales engineer in SAP. I was engaged in a proof of concept with a governmental instution. The Social Security Information Systems.
The main role of the Social Security Information Systems is to collect and aggregate social security data coming in from multiple institutions and manage them.
The goal of the Proof of concept was to create an detection screen that detects suspicious data coming in using predictive analytics.

For the POC we were given a i4 computer with 16gb ram to complete analysis over 200 million lines of data stored in the Oracle DB.
It took at least 30 minutes to run a python code. With this pace, it was impossible to complete the POC in time.
We requested for a better computer but was rejected as we could not have accessibility to the server (outsiders)

In the end, we decided to bring our own computer with a 64 GB ram and install the environment, run analysis then, donate all the ram and hardware after the PoC.
This cost us some money but the poc was successful and had a headline in the news as well. 
